you know the midterm elections were a
week ago today it seems like a month ago
not all the raises have been called yet
there are three recounts going on in
Florida right now in the Senate race
Rick Scott the Republican is up by 0.2
percent which triggers an automatic
recount I want to check in with Florida
to see how that recount is going so we
reached out to an election official
there gene Moran from opa-locka County
who's kind enough to join us now and
let's check in a low Jean 400 Jean hi
Jean
[Music]
[Applause]
hello hello who's there
it's Jimmy Kimmel jeez sorry to
interrupt you I see you're counting
votes there yes Jimmy 24/7 uh-huh nine
eight five four two five nine eight four
14 yeah and thank goodness Jimmy may I
say for crack cocaine and Sunny D I am
wired to the gills right now you look
great you're counting all those votes by
hand I thought they were doing a machine
count on machine count
I am the Machine Jean the machine they
call now nine eight five 14 heaven Jean
and before you finished are you all by
yourself there oh no Jimmy I've got the
secretary to say Gary Belcher by my side
oh come on in here Gary oh wow how's
Gary J listen hi Gary
gene when do you think you guys will be
finished with this count good question
right about now I'm just about wrapping
up the 2000 election oh we got a little
behind on that oh wow it's a next up is
the 2001 Teen Choice Award oh wow
they're still counting ballots for that
and the 2000 election yes siree and I
don't know who this George W Bush
character is but he's getting trout oh I
guess we'll let you get back to the
count that seems important they're much
appreciated now where was I nine eighty
five four nine was it three ninety-eight
what was the lie I don't I'm sorry Gina
I wasn't paying attention how about you
Gary could you help me out oh you
spilled the Sunny D the belly in Dade
County throw this in the trash oh I'm so
sorry gene Thank You number one
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh